1.1
The population of Bangladesh is around 168 million today, and it is only increasing. There is not enough qualified doctors to treat the whole population in case of outbreaks of diseases, or even in general. An economic survey of 2018 shows that there will be only one doctor available for every 2039 patients. There is a large number of patients showing up to the chambers of different doctors each day. These patients will suffer very long delays by having to wait in long queue to even get a serial number, let alone find consultation with the doctor. This can be very time consuming and also be very ineffienct as a process. Any patient who fail to be on the given time due to emergency situations, will miss their appointment completely. This results in them losing their money and their time, and they'll have to go through the painful process of having to wait once again till they get a new serial number. These individuals will also have to carry all their necessary documents every time they pay a visit to their doctor, old prescription, test reports etc. On the contrary, there is a problem of brokers in almost every hospital. In many cases, individuals who want to either donate an organ, or waiting for a donation fall victim to the fraudulence. It gets very difficult to find brokers who actually are honest about providing the organ from the donater to the one or the family of one who is waiting for that organ. So in any case, it is in general very difficult now to keep our health safe from illness and stay healthy nowadays, with contamination or bad ingredients in almost every type of food or drink we consume, and thus qualified doctors are crucial to our society.

1.2
>The solution being suggested in question is a management system for handling doctors and patients. In other words, a portal that helps doctors in their work, and eases the process of patients to book doctors for appointments and and view their medical process. A search engine will be provided through which users can conveniently find out desired doctors and customize their appointment facilities. The system allows doctors to manage their booking slots online. Each patient will be allowed to book an empty slot online, and these slots are reserved under their name. A patient can also cancel their booking in case of inconveniences or emergencies. The system will manage the appointment data for multiple doctor for various dates and times. Every time a user visits a doctor, their medical entry is stored in the database by a doctor's assistant. Every time a user logs in, he/she may view their entire medical history when needed, which will no longer require them to carry their old medical documents such as reports and prescriptions. Simultaneously, a doctor may view a patient's medical history every time they visit the aforementioned doctor. This will allow an automated doctor-patient handling system through an online interface. A feedback option will be also provided which will deal with reviews and complaints, and this will lead to rating of doctors and improvement for the portal. The system also consists of organ donor module. This module will allow registration for organ donation, as well as a search for a particular organ. This module is designed to help patients with organ requirements through instant searches. This portal should, if carried out successfully, be able to help people from all walks of life to get proper treatment, which is a right of every individual. The goal is to make this portal time efficient and also user friendly. 

>The software will contain an option for a doctor to create a slot for themselves, when they will be available to consult with his/her patients. The system registers this into the database, and it will send a confirmation respond to the particular doctor. The software will initially require patients to register, and it will be updated in the main database. They will be given a confirmation, and be asked to make a log in id and password for themselves. If done under the given conditions, their id and password will be confirmed. Now the patient will be prompted to enter their desired slot, an once entered, the database will make the following booking, and send a confirmation to the patient. If the patient would like to cancel the slot they have booked already, the database will make that booked timing available once again. However, there are conditions for this. If the time elapsed after the booking is made is less than 36 hours, then the cancellation is not possible. If it is more than or equal to 36 hours, the cancellation is made and confrimed to the patient. The patient can then search for the type of organ they seek, and once it is verified, be asked for the specific organ they want. This will try to look for an available donor in the system, and return the donor's information. If the logged in user is a donor themselves, they will go through the initial process till the entry of password and id, and then the database will prompt them to enter what kind of organ they would like to donate. This organ will be added to the list of available organs, and it will send a confirmation to the donor to end the entire process. The goal of this portal is therefore to allow ease of access to doctors - to make their available slots public, for patients - to look for their desired doctor and their desired timings, or to find available organ donors for their desired organ, and lastly for organ donors, who can make the information of them wanting to donate an organ public so that those seeking the particular organ can find the information.

>Taking Bangladesh into perspective, there are few solutions that efficiently tackle the problem stated regarding doctor appointments and organ donation/transplantation. The current solution that actually prevails in recent times includes direct phone calls, emails and usage of different social media websites. Lets say that for one instance, a patient wants to book an appointment for his/her respective doctor. This would need them to make a direct call to that particular doctor, or to the hospital that doctor works at to file an appointment under their name. Sometimes there are cases where patient fails to place an appointment due to certain inconveniences, due to which they fail to find the required treatment from that doctor. Emails can be an alternative for phone calls. They can be helpful, but when there is a huge queue of patients, reading emails one by one to sort out their suitable appointment dates and their preferred doctors is not at all easy or efficient. On the other hand, dealing with organ transplantation, the pain that a patient and their relatives have on their faces is boundless. This is because for organ transplantation, a patient's famiy usually uses different social media and newspapers to search for a donor. But even after distributing the required info to these mediums, it is almost always not possible to find donors on time. It takes huge time to find even just one donor, and the demand for donors can get high depending on the organ in question. In connclusion, the existing solutions are extremely time consuming and fail greatly in terms of efficiency. 
